[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of
the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy
a man-made Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame Flame Fruit
as a prize.
He's registered in
the match for Block C--
a furious battle royale
that is now underway.
[HAJRUDIN]
You made a big mistake.
[LUFFY]
Crap! Moocy, run! Go!
[GYATS]
This is a tragedy, folks!
[HAJRUDIN]
Hm?
[LUFFY growling]
[GYATS]
Lucy just felled the Giant!
[CROWD cheering]
That was incredible, Lucy!
My heart's beating
outta my chest!
With fighters like this,
can you blame me?
A single contender is turning
this competition on its head!
Just when you think it's over,
Lucy has done it again!
Thanks for partnering up
with me. Sorry you got hurt.
Don't worry, Moocy. Let's go.
[GYATS]
Just who is this mysterious Lucy
and where did he come from?
[CROWD chattering, laughing]
Hmph. Yeah. A real mystery.
Unbelievable. I never imagined
he was this strong.
Go Lucy!
[IDEO] What do you think
you're doing, Giant?
You're still inside the ring.
Wanna take a nap?
Then do it someplace else.
Losers don't belong here.
[CROWD murmuring]
[CROWD gasping, screaming]
Hajrudin goes flying! Is some
kind of explosion to blame?
What just happened? Tell me!
[GYATS] Hang on!
That wasn't an explosion!
Let's not forget even
without Hajrudin,
Block C's loaded with power!
That powder keg punch
was generated by a man
with some distinctly
shaped shoulders!
Ideo!
[GYATS]
The one who rocked the giant
right outta the ring was none
other than the two-time champion
of the New World Central
Fighting Tournament!
"Destruction Cannon" Ideo!
[CROWD cheering]
Heh. Nobody can
outpunch Ideo!
Damn straight!
[COMPETITOR A] Cut the "two-time
champion" crap!
That doesn't mean a thing
here in the colosseum!
You got that right.
[COMPETITOR A yells]
Only thing that matters here...
is your strength!
[COMPETITOR A groaning]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
In that regard,
I have you soundly beat.
I got this competition
in the bag!
Just hand me the prize already!
[LUFFY grunts]
Heh.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
elsewhere in Dressrosa...
[ZORO panting]
You're totally unbelievable!
You have absolutely
no sense of direction!
It was just a slight mistake!
I know where I'm going now!
"Slight mistake"?
There's nothing slight
about it in the least!
You've gone the opposite
direction from where
I told to go you over 27 times!
Plus, you ran down a staircase
you just climbed up
on 31 different occasions!
Are you doing this on purpose?
We're moving further away
from the Flower Field
and time is tick-tick-
ticking away!
[ZORO grunts]
[WICKA]
Pull yourself together!
Do you ever shut up?!
You can't blame me just cause
you suck at giving directions!
[WICKA grunts]
I can't take it anymore.
This is all your fault!
[ZORO groaning]
[ONLOOKERS gasping]
Did he...?
Jump in the air and fall
backwards? Sure did.
You care to explain
what the hell that was for?
Is he having some sort
of nervous breakdown?
[MAN B]
And who is he yelling at?
[WOMAN B] Let's keep walking.
What a creep.
I have to tell my people
where the members of
the Don Quixote family are
as soon as possible
or bad things'll happen, okay?
So stop getting lost, dummy!
[groaning]
What don't you understand?
[ZORO grunts]
You're gonna break my rib cage!
The only one who needs to
pull it together is you!
You think I don't have friends
I'm worried about also?
[WICKA grumbles]
If all you wanna
do is complain,
go find some stray cat
to be your chauffeur!
[WICKA whines]
Hey, wait up!
[WICKA sighs]
[ZORO gasping]
[WICKA]
Uh?
Wait a sec. This place
feels awfully familiar.
Or not. Where am I?
[WICKA]
You already lost your way?
Huh?
[WICKA]
Hey, is your brain okay?
It's just fine, thank you!
Sorry I got mad!
I need your help, please!
Since you asked nice.
[WICKA gasping]
[WICKA]
We're going the wrong way!
[ZORO growls]
Is this the way?
[WICKA laughs]
Yeah, you got it!
[NARRATOR] Nearby,
on the island of Green Bit...
[LAW]
Room!
That's the work
of a true warlord.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Don't interfere, Fujitora.
He's mine and
mine alone to kill.
Bullet String!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
So you wanna play tag, huh?
[LAW growls]
We'll give chase.
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[LAW grunting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Stop playing me for a fool.
I know what you're up to.
All this running around is just
to buy you some time.
[LAW gasps]
C'mon...
You really think I'm going
to let you have it your way?
[LAW]
Tch.
[CROWD cheers]
Lucy and Ideo are now
going head-to-head!
This should prove
to be interesting!
[IDEO grunting]
[yells]
Take this!
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[LUFFY] Oh, wow.
That's one heck of a punch.
The thing goes off
just like a bomb.
Heh. A mere sampling
of my power.
Wait till I achieve
my full potential.
[IDEO] I want to be at the very
top of the ladder.
Strength is the only way.
See what I'm saying?
I'll get there by winning
the competition.
By eating the Flame Flame Fruit!
As though I'd let you anywhere
near Ace's Devil Fruit.
[IDEO] No one will
stop me from taking it!
Actually... I will!
Red hot! This breathtaking
battle is really starting to
heat up! But wait!
That's the not the only fight
you want to keep an eye on!
Now, let's take a look!
We also have the trio
of gangsters hailing
from the Kano Kingdom
in the far east!
Each with a truly unique
fighting style!
[yelling]
[SAI grunting]
It's useless.
[COMPETITOR B groaning]
[GYATS] That's their patented
Hasshoken fighting style!
AKA "The Eight Impact Fist!"
It powers straight through
shields and armor alike!
[BOO grunting]
[COMPETITOR C grunts]
[BOO yells]
Ha, ha!
[GYATS] We are witnessing the
might of the Happosui Army,
forged from
centuries of history!
Their technique is
truly one of a kind!
If we can take you
down, Chin Jao,
it's almost as big a prize
as winning the competition!
Ready, boys?
Don't get ahead of yourselves.
[CHIN JAO] You brats
haven't earned the right
to challenge me!
[CHIN JAO yells]
[CROWD gasping]
That was the Conqueror's Haki!
No surprise there.
He was a legendary pirate
worth 500 million.
[CHIN JAO] There's only one man
that I want to fight!
Don't get in my way!
[JEAN sputtering]
[JEAN]
I gotta thank you, Chin Jao!
You're giving me
plenty to work with!
[CHIN JAO]
Hm...?
[GYATS]
What's this?
Looks like not everyone's
susceptible to Chin Jao's Haki!
And now he's collecting
spare weapons!
This is truly the dark horse
of the competition,
Jean the Bandit!
A bounty hunter who's reputation
has earned him the wrath
of every major pirate
across the New World!
Not so fast!
[JEAN]
Eh?
You and I have a score
we need to settle!
Think I'd forget you?
The man responsible for getting
my partner locked away?
[JEAN] The weapons I retrieve
are my bullets.
And I am the sniper!
[COMPETITOR G groaning]
[JEAN] If that partner of
yours was so important,
why didn't you prove it by
breaking him out of prison?
Like that idiot who did
a couple of years back.
[KELLY yelling]
[AREMO screams]
What the...?
The guy's already out cold!
Why's Kelly still
whaling on him?
[KELLY yelling]
Take a breather, big bro!
The guy ain't even conscious
anymore! That's plenty!
[KELLY grunts]
You know, in hindsight,
shoulda held you.
[panting]
Did you hear what he said?
That bastard called me "shorty"!
Hey, Bobby! Do I look
short to you? Huh?
Not one bit, no!
I mean, if anything you're
a giant of a man!
[KELLY] You hear what he said,
dickhead?
That's enough!
He's learned his lesson!
Uh... I held back
the wrong guy again.
Try to say that again,
and I'll jab both your eyes out!
And Bobby, don't you even
think of slowing me down!
Just pace yourself--
it's a long fight.
[GYATS] That's the ultra-violent
style of the Funk Brothers!
There's not a soul in
the criminal underworld
that doesn't know the
names of these siblings!
And based off what I'm reading,
they're powerful enough
to take down pirates
worth over 100 million!
[KELLY]
If someone calls me short...
[BOO] Buncha squawking
coming from over there.
They look like nothin'
but a couple of
two-bit street fighters to me.
I guess we'll find out.
How about you show me
what you're made of?
[KELLY]
Huh?
I'm talkin' to you, shrimp!
[KELLY grunts]
What did you just call me?!
[groaning]
[BOBBY]
Brother, no!
[BOO]
Jeez, pal!
So weak!
Or perhaps the Happosui
Army's just overpowered!
But still, how disappointing!
Hey! Do you hear me?
You let everyone down!
[ATTENDANTS]
You can't pick sides!
[BOO grunts]
Like a walk in the park!
So, ya ready, little brother?
'Cause you're next!
Wait a sec! I don't even
know how to fight!
I've never done this, for real.
Not in my entire life!
You will now!
[BOBBY grunts]
[GYATS]
He turned his back and cowered!
These brothers are pathetic!
[BOO] That broke my ax in two!
It doesn't make sense!
That blade was infused
with Armament Haki!
His body is ridiculously strong!
You okay, bro?
That... That bastard had
the nerve to call me a shrimp?
Hurry up, Bobby.
Put it on... for me!
[BOBBY] I... Okay.
[IDEO, LUFFY yelling]
Uhh...! Uh-oh, lost my helmet!
[IDEO]
Where you goin'?
[WOMAN C screams]
There's no way!
I can't believe what
I'm seeing right now!
Boo!
[KELLY grunting]
[GYATS] Boo from the
Kano Kingdom is taking
a hell of a beating!
He is down for the count!
But who's that punching him?
The cowardly younger
brother, Bobby?
Or could it be the weakling
older brother, Kelly!
Why it appears to be Kelly!
Surprising, given his sudden
change in appearance!
Who you callin' a shrimp?
Let that be a lesson!
Next time wise guy,
I'll rip your throat out!
[GYATS]
Wow! During this mayhem,
it appears Lucy's helmet
got knocked off!
[LUFFY]
Hey! Give that back to me!
[JEAN] You know, I heard a very
peculiar tale, Lucy.
A rumor about a pirate
with a 400 million bounty
by the name of Straw Hat Luffy.
Who secretly entered
this competition.
[laughing]
[CHIN JAO]
I'm coming for you, Straw Hat!
[COMPETITORS groan]
[GYATS] Don Chin Jao is cutting
his way across the arena.
But who's he got his sights on?
I sure hope you're
watching this, Garp.
Cause I'm about to
kill your grandson!
[LUFFY grunts, growls]
And we are down to
the last 40 contenders
remaining in block
C's battle royale!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
The field has been weeded down
to only the strongest fighters!
[GYATS] It's anyone's game!
But who will win?
[NARRATOR] Luffy struggles in
battle after losing his helmet.
And as things become
increasingly dire,
Chin Jao finally catches him.
A famous pirate once
worth 500 million,
versus a rookie
worth 400 million.
When these two
heavy-hitters clash,
the confrontation
will be unforgettable!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Legendary Pirate!
Don Chin Jao!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!